articles/3_EXCLUSIONS.md, before:

## Exclusions

### Some words using only WITH `the`

#### Geographic things
  - `the moon`
  - `the sun`
  - `the sea`
  - `the sky`
  - `the world`
  - `the country`

#### Government services
  - `the police`
  - `the fire brigade`
  - `the army`

#### Directions
  - `the top`
  - `the bottom`
  - `the middle`
  - `the end`
  - `the left`
  - `the right`
  - `etc.`

#### Communication services
- `the internet`
- `the radio`

### Some words using only WITHOUT `the`

#### TV
- `television`
- `TV (But: Can you turn off the TV)`

### In some cases `the` is required

#### Musical instruments with verb play
  - `play the piano`
  - `play the guitar`
  - `play the trumpet`
  - `etc.`

### In some cases we don't use any article

#### Meals with have
- `have breakfast`
- `have lunch`
- `have dinner`
- `etc.`

#### Calendar things with next/last:
- `next/last second/minute/hour`
- `next/last day/week/month/year`
- `next/last summer/winter/autumn/spring`
- `next/last Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday/Friday/Saturday/Sunday`
- `etc.`

Commit message:

add hint about vowel sound with U

articles/3_EXCLUSIONS.md, after:

## Exclusions

### Some words using only WITH `the`

#### Geographic things
  - `the moon`
  - `the sun`
  - `the sea`
  - `the sky`
  - `the world`
  - `the country`

#### Government services
  - `the police`
  - `the fire brigade`
  - `the army`

#### Directions
  - `the top`
  - `the bottom`
  - `the middle`
  - `the end`
  - `the left`
  - `the right`
  - `etc.`

#### Communication services
- `the internet`
- `the radio`

### Some words using only WITHOUT `the`

#### TV
- `television`
- `TV (But: Can you turn off the TV)`

### In some cases `the` is required

#### Musical instruments with verb play
  - `play the piano`
  - `play the guitar`
  - `play the trumpet`
  - `etc.`

#### Musical instruments with verb play
- `play the piano`
- `play the guitar`
- `play the trumpet`
- `etc.`

### In some cases we don't use any article

#### Meals with have
- `have breakfast`
- `have lunch`
- `have dinner`
- `etc.`

#### Calendar things with next/last:
- `next/last second/minute/hour`
- `next/last day/week/month/year`
- `next/last summer/winter/autumn/spring`
- `next/last Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday/Friday/Saturday/Sunday`
- `etc.`
